Music
Ladies and gentlemen, how are you tonight?
I know you can make so much more noise than that, how are you tonight?
Yeah, Harbin Town is now in session!
Just in, this is now with us tonight, I'm sitting in for a minute, but it's not.
Let's get right the fuck to it and bring out the mayor of Harbin Town, Mr. Dan Harbin!
Music
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Rob Schrupp!
Mr. Rob Schrupp!
Music
Thanks everybody for coming on a Monday night.
Boy, we've got a lot of show for you.
We've got no Spencer, we've got no Jeff, but we've got, I mean, come on, we've got the dream team.
Four empty seats.
Yeah, we've got a provocative guest, we've got topics.
I'm just going off of what Schrupp's been telling me over drinks before the show.
I'm filling them in people, filling them in for you.
Here's the bullet points, there's a mega storm coming to California that's going to kill us all.
Bigger than a big earthquake.
I thought we just went through that shit.
There's a man named Ingersoll Lockwood who in 1896 wrote a book about how the Trump family is time traveling.
All true.
Through Tesla energies that exploded in the center of the earth.
1900 or the last president, the magical journeys.
There's a YouTube video and yeah, I mean, we've got to talk about that, but we'll wait for our guest to come out.
We're just giving you a table of contents right now.
What else is going on?
Look, I asked Spencer for permission.
I've been in a terrible mood lately.
I've been very depressed.
I say that assuming that that resonates with a lot of people.
I don't know if it's the weather or if it's like the apocalypse.
In my case, it's just like my therapist has been warning me.
You're arriving at happiness.
It's not going to feel like what you're used to calling happiness.
It's going to feel like the misplacement of something valuable, which is your fucking sadness you're addicted to.
Don't succumb to the urge to find it.
Let it be missing.
It's your sadness.
What you're experiencing is going to be this like banal limbo that's going to be like starting this happiness diet.
Like you know, you're miserable.
I cried through my smile.
Do you get depressed? You're always in such a good mood.
As a black man in America, no!
Why would you?
Oh, just think about cotton.
Happy February, by the way.
Thank you so much.
Congratulations.
You know, we're so happy with all the new developments.
We like to say we're creating black history right now.
I'm sure you don't watch my Instagram workout, but I'm like fucking like really bringing the black history thunder.
Yeah, you're like Sojourner Truth.
Motherfucker don't know who that is.
Is that black?
Is it historical?
Although I'll learn about it then tomorrow.
You can't keep anything from me.
Yeah, I'm like, we're like a little past halfway through, but I work out every other day.
So I'm like, I know like five of the amendments now.
I know that our entire hit, I know that, you know, this is going to sound corny and like white nighty or whatever you call it,
virtue signally, but like the profound thing I'm learning as a middle-aged man, like taking black history seriously,
I'm reading an hour a morning going like, okay, what the fuck is Plessy versus Ferguson?
Here we go.
Okay.
And I don't mean to make that fright sound like the truth.
I mean, Plessy versus Ferguson deserves that fright sound, but black history, of course, does not.
If anything, it deserves a choir of angels.
The black history is US history and vice versa.
I mean, the country is like, it's so, I mean, I know that we know that intellectually,
but I'm just sort of like, God damn, this is, everything comes out of this.
This is like this weird experiment that we've done where we were the, we were kind of the, we were the worst.
I grew up being taught that we were like, that the US was just like playing ball with this global thing called slavery
and that the US was like, okay, I guess we'll do it too.
We were, we were, no, we were like really into it.
And I really honestly did not know that.
And I thought, and that like, and that then this young country like spent most of its life engaged in that concept.
This like, this God of capitalism that we worship, where we're like, there's no kings here.
You can't be born special.
You could, as long as you work hard, you could take over the country.
Anyways, get back to work for free.
Hear ye, hear ye, those guys should be able to vote and not be owned.
You're like, yeah, I agree.
Uh-oh, what are we gonna do?
It's true.
It's amazing how much shit we got done despite all the people trying to stop us.
We really were like sort of like, damn, we got to build this shit anyway.
Because we also needed a place to live.
I could two different hats.
I put on my 1800s racist hat.
It's not that hard for me.
This should be really heavy.
I'm like, it's made of wood and like Danish bones.
Straw.
You're not very good at it.
It's the 1800s.
You're not very good at hat making, but you've got a hat.
I'm like, well, these people in the past, they didn't know the future that they could
either service or undercut every step of the way.
I'm a little comfortable supposing that there's probably, there's like these, we got genuine
eugenics style racists in the world.
Like people who are genuinely like, for real, let me measure your skull like fucking like
count, like no really, like they're into like the whole like biological aspect of it.
Those people are arts.
What we have in a much larger group is like a lot of like conservative people maybe who
are like, don't tell me I owe anybody anything.
And I just got here.
I don't have to feel guilty about anything.
I don't want to share my money.
I don't have that kind of shit.
Not so much like, I think a vast majority of us would agree actually that given what we're
dealing with today, we can all look back with hindsight 100 short years ago and go, oops,
that was dumb because what that did is it fucked up for everything for everybody right
now.
Do you know what I mean?
Do you agree or disagree with that dumb white explanation?
It's interesting.
Okay.
All right.
That's so that's as much as I'm going to get out.
There's a lot there.
I'm just saying like, like the great migration.
Like where it's like, okay, the Civil War is over and the Emancipation has happened
and it's like people are just like doing what you'd expect them to do, which is just like
start to fill the rest of the country, get the fuck out of here.
Half of them can't get out of here and then half of them are like, where do I go?
What do I do?
What do I dress like?
What should my name be?
What is my fucking role in this country?
They hid in the woods for decades.
They hid in the woods and then they started to form towns.
So it got as far as Oklahoma.
And then some people got here and there.
The smartest thing you could do was go north, which is why you have cities like Detroit.
But they didn't get that far west.
But for the most part, they would have to clump together in groups and hide in the woods.
So that like first three, four years after slavery ends, people are just out in the woods,
which is crazy.
And it seems like cartoonishly simple.
It's tragic.
They're cartoons that are tragic.
But they're just living in the woods.
It literally, here's the thing.
This piece of history is they didn't know what to do.
So they just let people go.
That's what I'm saying.
So when we look back at that period and we go like, so running like the white kind of
like panic simulator in my head when I go back in time and I don't have the privilege of being like
I'm like living in the future.
And I'm like, oh, well, of course everybody should blah, blah, blah.
Like who knows what I would have called self care back then as far as not getting into trouble.
Some beers greased in a little bit of methylate.
But like, no, everybody was like having arguments about like, well, you're free.
You should go away now or you're free.
Everyone should give you a bunch of money now or you're free.
I hate you.
I got to figure out how to make you hate yourself.
Like nobody was thinking about everybody was like wondering what was going to happen tomorrow.
And 80% of it was like trying to avoid something that they didn't even know what they were trying to avoid.
They just were scared.
No, all those three thoughts that you just had were actual thoughts that those people had.
So self-hate, making black people hate themselves for sure.
Go, go away.
It was certainly part of plan.
I mean, there were abolitionists who were like, yeah, I hate slavery.
We got to get these people out of here.
That blew my mind.
It was like the people that were...
It's crazy.
It wasn't like people were looking at this room today and going like, so what can we do to make their life...
How can we lead to that in a right way so that everyone there doesn't have a bunch of disproportionate disenfranchisement
and everything's kind of confusing and in turmoil with a lot of weird debates and scary, awkward podcast conversations.
No, no.
It's not scary.
They weren't thinking about us.
They were thinking about...
They were definitely thinking about maintaining power for at least a thousand years.
There is a thousand-year plan.
That's what those things are, like the Marshall Plan and all these manifest destinies is like,
when a bunch of guys get together and say, what are we going to do for the next four or five hundred years?
People are thinking like dynasty for real.
It's crazy because we don't think like that, but there are legit dudes that are like, yeah.
I don't even know what I think.
I want to know what they could because when I think about the future, I picture a bunch of people on a space station
like harvesting soy out of a hydroponic garden and everyone looks vaguely like Tiger Woods, probably.
Because we're never going to stop being racist.
You're never going to eliminate racism.
You're going to eliminate race.
Always say that.
That's the first thing that's going to happen.
You always say that.
You always say you're never going to eliminate racism, but remember that the thing that racism is attacking is stronger than racism.
So I don't know how that's possible.
It's almost like you really cannot beat women.
You think you can, but the the the initial like attempt at starting that war has you fucked already.
Like that's just a bad idea to begin with.
And if you look at where we're at right now, they didn't we didn't really respond the way we were supposed to respond
necessarily voting wise and we have more women in Congress.
Women still figured out a way to get past us.
You know what I'm saying?
The same thing goes for the same thing goes for race is that you you will wear yourself out trying to oppress.
Yeah, that's a big theme of black history that I'm getting into is like noticing that basically like you have lots of people that I like.
Narcissistically, I go like, oh, this person is more of a Dan Harmon because they just want to be left alone.
They're actually born kind of privileged relative to other people that that may have that complexion.
And actually the war came to them because they couldn't.
There was these policies like this morning's lesson was about Mamie Mamie Phipps Clark.
You know, the who did the the doll test that was like a part of the Brown versus education.
The doll test is taking the dolls and you you got you got dolls that have blonde hair and white faces and dolls that are brown skin and black
and white and you say to kids that are like rock and rock and roll gather a bunch of kids that are two to five years old from segregated schools and from desegregated schools.
And you sit them down and white kids and black kids and girls and boys and you all these control groups and whatever.
And you say to the kids, which one is which one's the bad kid, which one's the kid you wish you were, which etc.
You know, these kind of questions and like realizing that racial identity is bored into you by the age of four and then it's just fucking soldered in place.
Like which isn't necessarily a bad thing except when you when race is connected to class and and and worth and stuff like it's okay for a kid to know.
I guess that there's such a thing is raised by the age of four.
It's really not that mature a concept.
It's kind of dopey.
You could you could teach your kid to celebrate it to right, which is the deal with Black History Month.
We don't focus on the trauma necessarily.
We focus on all the fun shit like stop likes.
You know great shit like peanut butter peanut butter.
No, there was that's a big misconception.
Okay, tell me what what like is George Washington Carver.
He just wanted to be left alone of all the things he did not know.
He did eleven hundred things with with peanuts, but the peanut butter, but he know that fucking passive aggression.
Who who did it was according to Eddie Murphy.
It was a guy named Thomas Jeff right right, but that's the spin is you.
Maybe look at Black History Month as a time to celebrate all of your great black heroes.
No, I not the trauma that they went through.
I know, believe me, there were a lot of times when I was like halfway through my workout month.
I'm like, I don't I don't I don't want this to be a history of racism.
But then I was like, it is and I'm that's better for me.
Like I am following the trauma actually in point of fact like I don't follow.
And I was like, I'm going to be obscure.
I'm not going to look.
I'm not going to forget Rosa Parks because it's like that's curated and all this stuff.
But it's like, I don't know shit about, you know, the details of Rosa Parks and stuff.
So I'm actually just going in order from Nat Turner revolt to by the end of the month.
I think I'm going to be I'm going to fucking bring this thing into the station with like, you know, I don't know.
But Bobby seal or there's also there's also Gerald Lewin though W.
It's double L E W Y N.
I'm not sure from saying his name right, but he's like he ran time for the longest time.
He's like huge black rain time.
That's not the magazine.
The whole oh, oh, oh.
I was like somebody tell him like black man ran time.
White man stole it from him.
Don't let them pacify you with shit like that man.
Time isn't run by a black man.
Is that that guy in the hud sucker proxy?
Black janitor in the hud sucker.
He was basically God.
He kind of like is like the janitor in the clock.
The clock building.
Oh, it's a hud sucker proxy.
So do you have any?
Do you have any heroes?
Was there anybody that you learned about that you were like and then we got to go?
Do you have anybody that you like?
We're like, I didn't know this dude.
This is incredible.
Like GPS is a black woman.
Well, style wise, I like Langston Hughes, but he's got to be a person who I learned the least amount about because he's a
poet and I didn't like read any of his poetry.
But I like that.
I like that there's debate about his sexuality and like that it's like it's none of your business.
You know, and then he like he dressed fancy and he was just like he was positive.
His quotes were like, like, hey, if the white man is happy with the colored man.
Sorry for my own fashionable language.
That's great.
If he's not, can't do nothing about that.
Like, you know, if the black man is happy with the black man, terrific bonus gravy.
If he's not, hey, you know, it's like this kind of like that.
It was I like, I like that guy because it was like he like that's what I need in my like life right now is like overcoming approval addiction.
And like the Harlem Renaissance was like like about like I think I'm in my own Harlem Renaissance right now.
Brandon is what I'm saying.
Okay.
I will fuck with this.
I've got I've been emancipated from a certain tax bracket and I've like done a great migration up to the urban centers of.
So all you need now is a gold chain.
I'm going to invent new ways to walk.
I'm going to write poems about nothing but rivers.
I'm going to give a shit if anyone gets it and people can just speculate about where I put my dick.
I like that people are like, oh, he's clearly gay, which is pretty important to the gay people.
If he was gay and he was in the closet, then it's important that he was in the closet.
Why was he in the closet, etc.
That's important to current things.
So, you know, you don't detract from that, but it's also just kind of funny.
Well, you say because he really, really, really respected black men.
So he was there.
There's like, come on, look at this.
Look at this thing he wrote about the regalness of the black man or whatever.
Like, wow, that's some gay stuff.
Like kind of like that's that's fucked up.
You know, you're right there.
It's like interesting.
Like, yeah.
So, so, yeah, I think I guess that's my hero right now.
All right.
Langston Hughes.
But I really should read something he wrote.
You'd love it.
Yeah.
And dust off a little James Baldwin as well, because you would love James Baldwin.
James Baldwin.
Two L's.
One L, one T, but Baldwin.
You would love James Baldwin.
All right.
Well, let's, I mean, like as if by magic.
Rob, what do you have to say about black history?
I like Candy Man.
Now there's a great documentary called on shutter called Horror Noir that goes through
like the history of black cinema in the horror genre.
That's actually really, really good.
Keith David's in it.
He's fantastic.
Tony Todd, Candy Man is in it.
What is the, what is the, what's the, the, what do we glean about the connection between
blackness and horror?
Like, what's the special relationship?
Well.
Yeah.
See you.
Well, when they start off with like the, like these.
The horrible shit.
Well, when they start off with like Birth of a Nation is like a horror film for black
people.
It's just like, this is terrifying because it was incredibly popular and it just, it
was shown for that.
It's kind of started all these horrible stereotypes that we still see to this day.
Well, the idea of being, what is the deal with the idea of being scared of ghosts and
stuff?
Like what's that?
Who isn't afraid of ghosts?
Yeah.
Exactly.
I guess, I guess white people think it's hilarious that black people are also afraid of ghosts.
Do you think it's like Doth protest too much?
Like we're scared of black power.
And so we're like, make them scared, make them more scared of ghosts.
I do think there's this thing about scaring the thing that scares you.
Well, that they touch on that in this documentary is like, they go through like, well, first
it was like Birth of a Nation where it was vilified.
And then, then the black, the black actor in like, I don't know, like Bella the ghost
he meets a Brooklyn gorilla or whatever, and then like there's the terrible stereotype
that he's a fool and idiot to somebody that you laugh at.
And then as we go through into the 80s, when we get to like From Beyond and Ken Forree
going, I used to play pro football.
And we were all crazy.
We were all crazy.
Back then, you know, like he set up to be like this unstoppable X linebacker cop that
when the monster takes that guy down, now we know it's for real.
Right.
And they go through that like that.
It's always to serve the white protagonist to be the magic.
Now hold on a second doc.
Yeah.
Are you telling me these wombats from outer space are some kind of vampire wombat?
Real good.
But they even they even skirted skirted a problematic line there.
But I think I nailed it.
But there was like when there is like a big shift.
I think we're all afraid of vampire wombats.
But that role of the black, the black, the black, the black man stepping out from the
corner during the explainer scene in a horror movie of like what we're up against.
Like the scientist is like, so basically an atomic chain reaction will happen.
So now hold on doc in English.
Are you saying the more these boogins attack us, the stronger they get.
That's exactly it.
Tyler and then Tyler just recedes into shadow.
His job finished.
Boogins.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
Fucking we got to script that.
There's a horror movie called The Boogins.
If not, we should.
We got to make that.
And that's what you would get if you would be underground too long.
You get the boogins.
Ain't no tissue underground.
But you know we skipped over a course night of the living dead, which is like the more
like so far it's like not only ahead of its time, but then not heated where it's
like this big this low budget horror movie just like stakes its claim and goes like
they think talk about night of the living dead a lot is like this.
That movie came out that must have been a racist nightmare because you have Dwayne
Dwayne Jones is like slapping the shit out of a white people killing white
zombies.
Just like he's just telling like it's just it's highly recommended.
It's really, really good.
But it's such resonant horror.
That's the thing.
And then we continue to do that with the zombie medium, not necessarily being kind
of a honestly aggressive about racial politics.
For instance, we don't necessarily carry that tradition.
But what we've identified as the attraction of the zombie medium is that it traps the
living under a microscope.
It makes them have to deal with shit that we are already dealing with but are refusing
to confront.
And but, you know, anyways, all right, we've made our guest way too long.
He's a professor of African American women's poetry at Howard University.
No, he's not.
He's just a gangly white kid with a show on adult swim.
Please welcome Brian Weissel-Mersky.
This couch looks so comfortable.
I love it that this you're using like the comfortable furniture as decoration.
And a guest comes out and sits on this.
That is a nice couch.
Yeah.
You're looking real sharp, man.
Looking real good.
I'm not Justin Roiland.
No.
Well, did anyone promote that Justin was going to be on the show?
Oh, that was their mistake.
I saw that coming.
Justin texted me at like fucking 3.30, like, I ate an edible at one.
What's happening?
I thought it would be over by now.
What's going on?
My hands are getting so big.
I can't understand what.
What am I? Who are you?
What's going on?
I called Postmates and they came and I just let them drive away.
That's how high I am.
Like he's like, like, like this is a sympathetic.
Oh, baby.
Are you okay?
I'm in somebody's house.
I don't know how I got here.
I was, I was just saying in the green room, I was like, like, you know, like, like, like,
you ever like, you have, you have friends and like you predict their bad behavior.
And then if you predict it, you could get like super pissed at them.
And it just struck me today while texting with Justin, who I knew two weeks ago was
not going to show up tonight.
And I only didn't know the excuse would be eating an edible.
I didn't text him today because I feared that.
But I'm happy to be here.
I'm excited.
I mean, you're a swell guy.
You'll be fine.
Imagine being him right now.
So, you know, but that's, we were getting them on your side a little bit.
I, I pounded a drink backstage when I found out.
Well, you should quit the show then.
You should just bail entirely.
You took a chemical.
Get out of here.
That's the responsible thing to do.
Now Whitesville is like a genius that started a channel one on one and did like the most
amazing cartoons, just some of the funniest, most messed up stuff.
I always loved it.
And is that my popcorn?
No.
Okay.
Steve Levy, ladies and gentlemen, Steve Levy.
And now you're on your second season of Hot Streets.
Fuck.
I'm so sorry.
Having a goddamn panic attack.
Weed.
Nobody's ever died from weed.
Don't worry.
I'm so itchy.
Whitesville is going to be so bummed too.
This is a mess.
I never usually do weed anymore, but I just felt so uncreative.
And usually it helps me with that.
But I guess not this stuff.
What can I do to help?
You don't have to do anything.
That's why you texted to get permission to bail.
You got it.
You don't have to feel bad about it, but I'm not going to figure out how to make you
feel great.
I understand.
I feel like Mike Tyson is punching my heart.
I'm sorry for letting you down, Harmon.
I'm sorry.
I can't believe I have to talk to Weiss all by himself.
I am.
Yes.
So we were at channel one on one.
That's where you started this.
Please tell us more about it.
Yeah.
Well, I feel actually nostalgic sitting here with Dan and Rob because I think a lot of
people's stories that got involved with channel one on one, I think a lot of people were in
some sort of a personal despair.
So I was very at a place, a breaking point in my life where I wasn't getting where I
wanted to be.
Can we just have two details?
Two details.
Wipe your ass with a T-shirt.
Well, one detail is first, I lived in Irvine.
That's not a good detail.
I mean, if you live in Irvine, that's not a good detail.
Shout out to Irvine.
Shout out to Irvine Company.
Is that inland?
Jesus, it's Orange County.
It's like...
Like Juggaloo's.
Yeah.
Why would you add...
Like, that's going to really make the story better.
Is it inland?
Yes.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
So many colors.
And music.
It's inland.
Oh, my God.
If I take a flyer out of the idea that I don't belong up here, can we stop investigating
that?
I know I'm a bad interviewer.
Is it inland?
Did anybody think that?
Is that inland?
Nobody.
I just...
Nobody was questioning.
Ah.
Ah, is it...
Is it...
I guess what I meant was...
Outlander inland.
You got to give me some more, buddy.
I don't know what planet I'm on.
What year is it?
I mean, Jesus Christ.
I mean, come on.
Is it Tuesday?
Can I get prize with that?
Come on.
Is it inland or what?
I imagine Grand Theft Auto 5.
Is it in the neighborhood that...
What's his name?
Is it in the guy that stops the guy's head?
Is it in the...
You know, there's like your...
Right.
The GTA game where you're the three guys.
You know, one of them is one of them...
What's the second detail?
Is that like a...
The bald guy?
The creepy guy?
Yeah.
Hey, come on.
Hey, what the fuck?
I'm getting there.
I'm getting there, so...
So, what's detail number two?
Oh, geez.
Watch me make this podcast great by not interrupting.
Well, this detail for me was bad, but it's not necessarily...
Like, I feel bad because, like, I was working in property management.
For me, it's not the job for me.
So, like, I'm not putting down the job.
It's just like I hated my job and I hated my life.
I was living in Irvine and I did not feel like I was surrounded by similar types of people,
creative people, and I wanted to be a writer that wasn't working out.
I wanted to get into MFA programs that wasn't working out.
So, one day I got really high and I was watching Adult Swim, and I've always been a fan of Adult Swim,
and I saw that only two people had animated Aquatine Hunger Force,
so then I researched animation software and I just taught myself how to animate.
And when I found Channel 101, I became a fan of a lot of the creators, like Twiggers and...
And the old baby fucker over here.
Oh, Daryl.
Come on, we just got out of that drama.
There's no out of it.
So, you taught yourself how to animate.
Yes, I taught myself how to animate by kind of tracing old cartoons.
What was your first software?
It was called Digicel, it was really bad, it was really unintuitive,
and I was watching Channel 101, I was a fan of the content,
and I wanted to be a writer, but I was a fiction writer,
and the thing that sucks about being a writer is nobody wants to read what you're writing.
So, if you make something that you can watch, you know, that is a lot more entertaining.
So, I taught myself how to animate, and what was cool is I was living in Orange County,
and I felt a bit lonely, and I began submitting to Channel 101, and I felt...
What was your first show, do you remember?
Oh my god, it's terrible, it was called Space Goblins.
Oh yes.
And I think, I believe, am I mistaken in that, like, people, when that came out,
people were like, this is the downfall of Channel 101.
I think we said that a lot about a lot of stuff.
There's been a lot of downfall.
Channel 101 was like, I mean, I always liken it to punk rock,
I mean, that's probably flattering us culturally, but like, relative to what we were doing,
a bunch of nerds making short films, it was always punk rock,
so that meant that people, it's like, well, who's doing what next?
Oh, this guy just threw his own shit at the audience,
and you're like, so every single month, it was like, well, that's it then,
then now Channel 101's jump the shark, and then someone else would say,
no, it's just beginning, and everyone was wrong.
It was just a great place for people to...
How many shows did you do at 101?
Can you name them all?
Oh my god, no, probably about, I think, probably at least 10 to 15, I think.
How many of those got picked up for more than one episode?
It's funny because like, Channel 101, there's a trajectory,
usually there's, you begin submitting, you get rejected, you get better.
I felt that I was getting better, and what was cool is because like,
you're competing against your friends, which is cool about Channel 101,
is you respect the people that you're up against,
and you want to make something really good,
and I kept trying to make something better, but I think I became...
It was always a win-win.
Also, I'm sure all animation shared this,
you and Justin and Siobhan and the guys, the animation crews,
they suffered always the same kind of curse,
which is that you guys are animators, so you're weirder,
and so you're making shit that's even more off the hinge a little bit,
and people would tend to purposely not vote for stuff
because they could tell from watching something,
that guy's not going anywhere.
He's going to be back here with a new pilot next month.
I always voted like that.
I don't know if I ever voted for anything you did.
And Justin too.
Justin would come in with something, it would just be called Skin Scrapers.
Hi, I'm Johnny Skin Scrape.
Uh-oh, I'm going to scrape my skin now.
Oh, the skin's off.
Oh, hey, hey, what are you doing with that skin?
I'm going to eat it.
Oh, no, he's eating my skin.
Oh, no, oh, no.
And the audience would just be like, this is the fucking best.
Fuck you, mom and dad.
Fuck you, gym teacher.
Fuck you, Jimmy Carter, whoever was president.
Jimmy Carter.
What?
Shout out to Sprinkles.
But it was really like, it was like, fuck you, CAA, fuck you, UTA, fuck you, casting directors, fuck you, system.
I came out here with a steamer trunk from the Midwest or Irvine and I'm ready to work
and you would have me just sit out here and put a gun in my mouth
and you deserve what you're seeing on screen right now.
That was the real joy and I would never vote for Justin's stuff.
I wanted him to make a new pilot.
So how many shows did you make by yourself?
How many shows did you make before you got picked up?
How many pilots did you make?
Not very many because a lot of people's trajectory was that they would start a channel 101,
they would get better and I felt that I was getting better but not getting voted in.
Was it past the pigs?
That was your House of Cosby's.
House of Cosby's was successful.
No, past the pigs got voted back several times.
Was that the first one?
No, I got invited back once.
Was that Hot Cross Buns?
That didn't get voted back but I thought that was a really good one.
I made this video called Hot Cross Buns and I thought that it was really good.
Let's talk about the relationship between this willful stupidity.
What I like about you and Justin is that I get caught in spirals of overthought.
It's the death of all fun things and stuff.
My heroes like Schrab, Royland, you're carrying that torch.
I'm fascinated by you guys and therefore I never want to ask you questions
because I feel like I'll just soil you with overthought.
Wait, is that bad on purpose?
Don't ask that question.
What is the difference for you?
Do you make decisions and go like, I'm going to make this a little shittier?
Well, I think that's funny because that's never quite my purpose
is to make something shittier.
I think he's trying to do it.
Don't high road me in front of these people.
You know your style is obviously very organic.
So when you made this macaroni cheese, you thought I'll just add these fucking raisins.
You were like, I'm going to paint this wall and then I'll just smear some shit on it.
Is that how you do it?
Well, I think it's funny because the Hot Street season one came out
and people were saying that the animation is bad on purpose.
But I was really working hard on a small budget.
So it's funny.
But you know, they're not talking about the quality of the animation.
They're talking about the blocking, the choreography.
You surely must...
Maybe you're not.
Maybe you're David Lynch.
You don't know that you're weird.
Is that what we're learning?
You don't know you're weird?
I don't know that I'm weird.
All right. Well, that's it. I'm glad I asked.
I'm a good interviewer. I'm glad I interrupted.
All right. Okay.
But it's like, I remember like Space Goblins.
It was like, I mean, we were rolling on the floor.
There was like a process where we watched the submissions
and it would be like everybody who won from last month would be in charge of like
who their competitors were basically.
And so we'd screen all these analog tapes that would be dropped in our mailbox.
And I remember Space Goblins.
I remember the introduction to your style,
which was like characters that are going like,
like they're walking into frame.
And you use the tinkle-toes sound effect from Hanna-Barbera.
And then someone goes,
my name is John Spaceman.
I'm going to go do this now.
And then like, and then, yeah, like I kind of like,
I would call like the Doug Lucen Hope camp,
like the, you know, the editor from Tim and Eric,
it's like that just pre-millennial like fucking like
late Beastie Boy's lateral absurdity.
See, I overanalyze shit.
And you're like, I'm just trying to,
my heart is to do something from the heart.
And then everyone's like, Harmon's fucking evil.
He called that guy weird.
But you're just, you know, you're making,
you know, it's funny that the guy's like,
that's not, that the guy's like,
this is the name of the show.
Give me back my baby.
What was the...
Oh, Bearded Traveler.
Bearded Traveler.
But he was, he was, he was like,
it was like the title sequence was like,
and then he would say, give me back my baby.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was his catchphrase.
And it was like a show about a guy
who just wanted his baby back.
Yeah.
Bearded Traveler is my favorite.
And that was it.
But give me back my baby.
What was nice is like when I made,
I made the, I made that show.
And actually Justin emailed me
on the Channel 101 forums.
I met him before to animate Doc and Marty.
But I was working on the, on that show,
on that Channel 101 show.
Ooh.
That's a bitch.
Bet you're kicking yourself.
Because the guy's that anime.
And look at the Bearded Traveler now.
Bearded Traveler is amazing.
Yeah.
I like the Bearded Traveler.
And you were very nice to me because I...
What's that like?
I met the, what?
After I met, I met,
I think I met Dan before I met Rob.
But after the Bearded Traveler screened,
you came up to me and you said that you,
you thought that like I had a unique style
and it meant a lot to me.
So I, I just...
You've got a unique style.
No, I think you, well you, I mean,
you said that you thought that I could eventually
have a TV show.
I was right.
Why are you laughing at that?
I know.
Well because I said,
I just had like a fucking cockbacker.
I got a unique style.
I just pictured me in like a crown and a robe.
I was like, you have a unique style, boy.
He said, he said it meant a lot to him.
Just take it.
I know.
No, I wasn't taking it away from...
Oh no.
By making...
He doesn't even know.
What you think he's gonna say now?
Of course, of course he's gonna be like,
I'm fine, Mr. Harmon.
It's like you just threw me and Joe Green's jersey back at him.
This dude comes in and he says,
you said something nice to me and you go,
I was right.
Did I mention my dick?
We're probably not, by the way,
like, by the way, this is Weissall.
Do you go by Weissall now?
Is that like your prince name?
Well, that's a good question because all throughout,
I mean, I've always introduced myself as Brian
and people call me Weissall, which is fine.
When I was a child, when I was a kid,
people would call me Weissall.
In the Rick and Morty's writer's room,
I would be called Weissall.
I think what it was is that Cass,
which was my friend in my Channel 101,
the guy who had cast in all of my shows
in the early Channel 101 days, called me Weissall.
Introduced me to everybody as Weissall,
but I always feel really self-conscious about that.
It feels like branding.
Yeah, like, I'm Speed Demon Johnson.
My name is Brian, but please call me Speed Demon.
Right, right.
I always feel really uncomfortable about that,
but if you call me Weissall, I like it.
It's fine, but I also go by Brian.
And the show we're plugging is Hot Streets on Adult Swim.
It already had a first season.
It had a first season.
Jesus Christ, they'll run anything.
I haven't even seen this fucking thing,
but I know one thing for sure.
It's got a guy doing tinkle toes
and something you're going to pretend isn't weird on purpose.
It's a good show.
So you got picked up for a second season.
Yes, you got picked up for a second season.
I'll really have to sit down and watch Atlanta,
and then watch this.
I used your story circle.
Yeah, that's always so evident.
I'm really proud of the second season of the show.
So how do you get it from Channel 101 to Adult Swim?
Yeah, I'd like to know.
Show us that ladder.
Kate Freund, who is married to Rob Schrobb.
Gross.
Shout out to Kate.
Brave woman.
She...
We wish her luck tonight.
She passed my name to some people
that was able to get me...
This is really weird because I got my break on Smosh.
Choke up just a little bit.
I'm sorry?
Thank you.
Oh, yeah, got it.
Yes, Smosh.
Smosh.
Kate gave my name to some producers,
and I got the attention of Smosh.
Do you know what Smosh is?
What is Smosh?
Smosh?
What's it called?
It's getting more marketing than Adult Swim tonight.
Well, like Smosh?
Smosh?
Ten years ago, it was like the premier destination
for teen and tween entertainment,
and honestly, I had made fun of them for a long time
because I didn't think they were funny at all,
and they gave me my break,
and it turns out that they were really cool, nice people,
and I feel really bad, but...
Yeah.
All right, so we meet people at Smosh.
They love you, and then how does that go to Adult Swim?
It went from the people at Smosh got me a management
and all that kind of thing,
and then I was already friends with Justin, of course,
so my management team connected me with Stupid Buddy
who makes robot chicken,
and then we flew.
Justin, Seth Green, and all of the robot chicken people,
we all flew out to Atlanta and pitched it directly to Adult Swim,
which is pretty cool.
Incredible.
The Wrecking Crew, that's what I call you guys.
You, Seth Green, and Justin.
There goes the Wrecking Crew.
The Wrecking Crew.
Weisel, have you heard about this conspiracy theory
that Donald Trump is a time traveler?
I have not, and I really want to hear about this.
Dan, you just...
This is fresh in your palate, and it's your show.
Why don't you explain?
All right, well, there's this author.
There's a YouTube video that's like an hour.
So you know it's for real?
Yeah.
It's called The Last President.
The Last President, what a 127-year-old book reveals
about Donald Trump time travel and Nikola Tesla.
And I'm only like 20 minutes into it,
but it's like there was a book by an author called...
What's his name?
Engelsack Humper Nut?
Humper Nut.
Engelsack Humper Nut.
Some guy wrote a book in like 1896.
He wrote a series of books about a character,
a bratty little kid called Baron Trump,
who he's like a privileged son of like a dynasty,
and he...
His father's name is Don.
Well, his mentor is the Don.
Oh, okay, all right.
But the Baron Trump in his second book,
which is called 1900, The Future...
The Last President.
Baron Trump becomes president.
And one of his cabinet members is named Pence.
And Baron Trump in the book goes to Russia,
where there's caves that lead to the center of the earth,
where there's a secret civilization made of silver.
The guy interjects in the YouTube video to talk about,
by the way, it's worth noting that in these specific caves
that are cited in this story, they have found these weird nanofibers
that are like inexplicable and stuff.
Like, I'm going to call this guy...
Like, I really don't want to offend this guy,
because I really respect...
Like, I'm listening to him and I'm like...
I'm a believer.
I'm a believer, man.
And I also don't want to offend anyone who has any...
is grappling with any kind of chemical complication.
I think you just insulted him.
Well, no...
I don't want to insult him. He's all smart.
I don't want to insult people with brains.
But I don't think that the guy is like...
He's not like Harrison Ford is like trying to melt my testicles with satellites,
you know, because I saw it in the Amway manual.
When did Harrison Ford tell us this?
Yes.
He's not like unhealthily like...
He's not diagnosable in any way,
as far as this YouTube video is concerned.
He's like, this guy is like clearly like kind of a hobbyist
into this thing.
You're saying, no, he's a cuckoo bird.
No, no, no. I'm saying go on, continue.
Well, I just wanted to say,
because I feel weird when I talk about people that I haven't met
and I always want to say to those people,
like if I'm offending you, if this gets back to you,
you know, like to come on the show.
Oh, fuck, yeah.
Get to the testicles.
Whoever this guy is, if it somehow gets back to you,
as it tends to in the most negative of ways,
I really am not dogging on you and not making fun of you.
Like, we're very interested in your YouTube video.
It is crazy.
I hope that's not offensive to you.
But this book exists, apparently.
I'm not going to read it, but I'm sure,
apparently, it exists, that it was all this stuff.
The Don lives in an apartment on Fifth Avenue in New York,
where Trump is.
Well, so President Trump goes into the center of the earth,
in Russia, and he accidentally time-travels
through time, as one does.
Yeah.
Then that ties into a story that may be apocryphal or not
about Nikola Tesla, who one day walked into a tavern, you said?
Yeah, he walks into a tavern, and he's all messed up.
His hair's like crooked, and he's like,
and a friend's like, no, Tess, man.
Tessy.
Tess, what's going on?
What's going on, brother?
There was an accident, and the machine.
I was able to see past, present, and future all at the same time.
I think I created a time machine.
And they went, oh, OK.
So there's that story that's out there somewhere.
But later on, when Tesla died, the FBI came in
and just took all of his stuff, all of his notes,
all of his stuff.
They just came in and took it.
Apparently, this is the legend or whatever the conspiracy
or whatever it is.
They looked through all this stuff, and they go, Bill,
do you know what this means?
No, I don't know what that means, Nigel.
And then Bill and Nigel were two guys there.
I love it.
Yeah.
And they didn't know.
They couldn't decipher what it was.
They said, well, let's get some smart guy to come in here
and take a look at this.
And the guy they hired was Trump's uncle.
As the legend goes.
And so do they have this machine?
Yes.
Well, the proof is they said that the guy eventually says,
I think it's that video.
He says, well, time travel affects your mind.
It screws you up.
It deteriorates your brain.
And that's why Trump talks the way he does.
It's because of time travel.
And that's why he misspelled Barron Trump's name,
because there's two Rs in the book instead of one.
So like Donald Trump, we're just watching.
We're at the end of a world that has been retro pre-destroyed
by a time-traveling nincompoop who,
and he probably doesn't even remember
how to time travel anymore.
So now he's just hanging out.
So if Dr. Hoot was an idiot and didn't care about not fucking up time,
this is the world we would be living in.
Because he kind of explains a lot more than if the stuff didn't exist.
It reminds me of the Ford and the Lincoln and the Kennedy thing,
which is...
What's that?
Kennedy was killed in a Lincoln.
Lincoln was killed in Ford's theater.
Both had shots to the head.
Both fucked Marilyn Monroe.
Someone had a secretary named Johnson.
One had a Johnson named Secretary.
Well, this is what the conspiracy theorists say,
that the Illuminati are the powers to be or whatever,
they're putting all these clues being out in the open
because they're arrogant, they're going,
here, look, doesn't Biff Tannen look from back to the future?
That's like the spackle on the logic of conspiracy theories.
It's like, well, why would they, because they're fucking with us.
Yeah, man.
Thank God the Illuminati are always just fucking with everybody.
Or we wouldn't be able to explain quite all of this.
Yeah, covers a lot of plot holes.
I like David, I watch the Illuminati videos where they show
just a montage of celebrities in moments of mind laps or whatever.
When the reptilian eyes show.
Yeah, or just like the craziness though,
like Will Smith's talking and then they go like,
yeah, but so when's your next movie coming out?
And he just goes like, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Anyway, and they just do that.
You just watch 45 minutes of that because,
but it's like, it's like, I like, I like, it's like,
I think that's, that might be a healthier hobby
for a middle-aged man than toy trains.
Like, yeah, think about how the world might be fucked up
and engineered to manipulate you.
Like, don't just recede into a Digicell app
and like try to make a squiggly cartoon.
All right, let's get to know you a little bit.
So what do you think?
What do you think?
What do you think, Weissal?
What's your take on all this?
Weissal, come on.
Oh, Brian.
I'm going to a new area.
I'm going to talk about Weiser,
because like I find myself like,
do you find yourself just getting really mad?
And you're like, I'm online and I'm like,
I'm listening to this really bad Africa cover
and I get really mad.
That is some bullshit.
Can we say that that is some bullshit?
Yeah, it's some bullshit.
Don't fucking remake it and take out all the fun.
So, yes, it's like, but also at the same time,
like I get really mad at the internet.
I get really, I just want to rage and like,
I fucking hate this Africa remake
and I hate the Rosanna one is even worse.
And I just want to go on the internet
and just talk about it.
But at the same time,
like everything has become so black and white
that like it's like,
Weiser fucking sucks.
They've never been good.
And then I was like,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
Can you go back to talking about the baby stuff?
I'm trying to get away from that.
They're going to fucking burn the building down.
And then like you're watching,
and then like I was in my car
and then the sweater sank out came on.
I was like, this song's pretty good.
They're not like complete shit, you know?
So like everything's gray anymore.
Everything's just like attack or defense.
And also like 15 years from now,
like you just don't know,
like somehow some way your opinion about Weiser,
it may somehow like dent you, right?
Or am I, that's not what you were leading to at all.
And I'm just like stuck in my own like fucking weird world over here.
Well, I mean, I think I'll continue to dislike Weiser,
but it's not that they're completely evil,
horrible people that need to be destroyed.
It's just they made, they made a song that's
and maybe an album of several albums that suck really bad,
but they're not like evil people.
Okay.
What is the biggest change for you since this is a weird question,
but since you did sort of quickly move up the ranks,
what was the hardest thing to get used to for Dan?
For Dan, it was being famous for you.
What is it?
He's 48 by the way.
And okay, I'm sorry.
I'm pretty close to that because we just found out that's feasible,
but it took it.
It took a little while.
It took a while, but then once it started,
it I'll say like when I got my first job as a writer,
I was 37 and I was Rick and Jesus Christ.
You really are really old.
Yes.
Yeah.
So like that was my first job was my first professional writing job was
Rick and Morty and I was 37.
And I think my the, the no matter what age you are,
when you go into a writer's room and you're brand new,
you're inside of your head.
So I think like you're in the writer's room.
Like I haven't talked enough today or you get kind of get inside
your head too much.
And now toward the end of the season,
I felt like, all right, I know how to contribute to the show.
And now I'm on a show and I worked on a couple of other shows after that.
And then Hot Streets, I'm running the writer's room.
And now I see all the bad habits that I was doing.
Like, give me one.
Like, it's like you're waiting for your turn.
You're like, somebody is talk is giving an idea and they stop talking.
You're like, and then you go backwards five minutes ago.
Cause you're in your head.
You're like, all right, if Rick and Morty, like if, if they,
if they did this, then that was a great pitch, right?
You get inside your own head, I think is the problem.
And so when, when I became the show runner for my show,
I saw that happening with, with, I've seen that happen with other,
another, not just, I mean, Jesus, the writers on Hot Streets are incredible.
So I'm not, I'm not talking bad about them.
But I've worked on other shows since Rick and Morty where like,
you see that happening and you want to, I think the key is to just
succumb yourself to the show and to embrace what is happening and to
build up what is happening from other writers.
You want to help them because you're the greater good as the show.
But when you're a new writer, I think the problem is you get inside
your own head and just want to like, I've got my own ideas.
I want to put my own voice in the show.
I think that's okay.
I, I, I, I envy you if what you are achieving is like an actual exercise
where people are just keeping the shuttlecock in the air.
And so you're not even bothering to like, but, but if that is one extreme
and the other extreme is nobody listening to anybody and they just have their own ideas,
somewhere in the middle is kind of like, yeah, as long as you don't
shoot down other people's ideas, that's what makes me just go, fuck you.
Like, like, like, like that means like, like you're sitting there listening
to other people's ideas and trying to figure out why they won't work.
Dude, ideas don't work because God hates us.
We're here to beat him.
Like, like, like, like, like, you're on the wrong side of the law.
If you're sitting here trying to figure out how that person's pitch isn't going to work.
I don't care if it's about boogers or fucking whatever.
Like, support it until it dies of overindulgence.
But ideas are a gift.
But I think it's okay.
I mean, I thought, well, for my money and my shitty writer's room that probably
works much slower than yours is like, I don't mind people ratcheting back a little
bit and going like, well, listen to that person talk for four minutes trying to get
their idea out.
And I, but what I wanted to say about what we were talking about is this other thing.
Like, I don't, I just see, you know, I don't, I never saw that as a sin.
I would expect that.
I don't, I wouldn't want people to leave shit behind in a ditch just because
Right.
Timothy, like, decided to make everything about Wizard of Oz.
I agree with you.
And I would say like ideas are a gift.
But I felt like when I was working at Rick and Morty, I felt that I would
I felt that I was too inside of my head.
Right.
You caught yourself not listening to other people enough.
That's what you're saying.
Right.
And when I've worked with people, not just writing, but like, I season two, we were able
to kind of, I guess the problem going from season one to season two is season one is
I don't quite know how to be, how to run the show.
So I've got certain lieutenants that I'm listening to and
And they're just going to stab you in the back and go do a fucking Marvel show about
Loki.
Okay.
All right.
Oh my God.
Be happy for your friends for once.
Be happy.
We're all fucking trying to figure it out.
Somebody did something nice happens to somebody and you, you got to tear them down.
You got to tear them apart.
Jesus Christ.
What's wrong with you?
I just said.
Waldron was there for two weeks.
I like I got it.
I got it.
I got to train people slower.
My God.
I got the fire.
He did the work.
He got the job.
Be happy for him.
What?
Don't high road me.
What are you doing?
How dare you?
No one's happier for him than me.
You know a little bit because you're running your second season, right?
That's that's going to be you show running deep.
What would you tell him?
Because it's a.
What would I tell?
Who?
Low key low key.
Oh, what would you tell Brian?
Because he took sense.
You tell him anything.
Well, he just said he's not so sure.
Is there a piece because I like it's cool about this show is that you do talk about the process
and I do think people want to know how it all gets made sometimes.
Yeah, but it's I mean it's a goddamn nightmare.
I for me the central thing about it is always the wondering when you're supposed to be overthinking
and when you're supposed to be under thinking, especially in a show like Rick and Morty where
it's like, you know, to me very clear that it's the key recipe is that it's a swirl of
two things that don't usually work well together, which is like willful stupidity and an absolute
like passionate like over thought.
And I so we sit in the writer's room and we we I don't know we try to break stories,
but we also like have these at the top of every season we go.
Let's do things real differently this time around.
You know, let's let's let's escape this process and let's do another one.
It's just this because two to three was a whole different room.
Yeah, I mean they're always they're always they're always real different rooms and your
it's everything's the experiment is never over.
You're never comfortable.
You're never nailing it.
You never it's like you just dream of this day.
It's like the myth of retirement like the myth of the writer's room that like has its shit together
where you're like, OK, well, we know what our job is.
We make pizza, right?
People like the cheese like the tomato sauce.
Oh shit, all of the unexpected things have to do with our babies and medical emergencies.
I got to go home at four instead of five.
It never happens.
It's always like, OK, you're you're behind schedule.
And and why did this story about a banana peel turn out to be our citizen cane or ishtar?
Like what what are we doing wrong?
It's funny because like whatever brings you like joy in the room like for us, we were in our writer's room.
Man, I don't know how to talk about this, but like I guess there's this.
There's this sexual fetish of people liking like cartoon horses like party party party on people's faces.
We're all hanging in every word waiting for you to the joke is bringing it back to the thing that everybody.
What's that?
What's the term?
What's like if I wanted to Google?
I don't know.
It's not what I mean.
It's like, you know, we in our room, we were watching like for us, like you just follow whatever the joy is of the moment.
For us and I like horses.
Yeah, but cartoon horses are even better.
If you like, you know, if you are aroused by my little ponies farting in faces, that's totally cool.
But like it's some fetishes are kind of amusing at the same time.
Like what?
Like the ponies farting in faces.
Also, Pokemon is a big on the farting on people.
So like the videos start with like either the my little pony or or the Pokemon slowly approaching backwards to the create to the character.
Right.
And I feel like they start with a lot of self hate.
Get up on that mic.
So tell us about that room.
Tell us about that room.
So we're like, we have to write an episode, but it has to be serious.
Like if the pony farts in your face, you die.
So it's like the things that make you laugh in the room oftentimes will help create that story.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Completely went away from what we were talking about.
Yeah.
I mean, look, I it's a conversation about a thing that is so frustrating for the same reason that it's like the conversation about it is almost tedious, let alone inaccessible, because it's like, that's the problem.
And I've always agonized about this because I'm like, hopefully going to retire soon.
And I spent my life working, I'm going to go ahead and say it as hard as a carpenter works with wood.
But with stories.
Oh, fuck you people.
No, but I mean, like I've said it over and over again.
It's like the fucked up thing is that from the from the beginning of the first moment when two people got to two pieces of wood and said, let's make a porch.
Like the first time don't don't act like I don't know architecture.
The first time that they figured out is just two pieces.
They're going to start on the porch Brandon.
You don't.
That's the fucking steps.
The first I know what it is.
They've never made it before.
That's my point.
What's a porch?
You got a piece of wood.
That's my point.
Well, those will be the steps that we got to get some more wood to make the porch.
You can get online right now and type I need to make a porch into Googlepedia and you will be able to draw on 5000 years of people making shit with wood, right?
Every time a joist gets invented or discovered, there's like racks of shit at Home Depot and there's time life books and there's people sharing notes.
And when things don't work, they don't make the cut.
That's right.
And they evaporate.
So when you have something as simple as like making a house that people live in or making a porch swing, you have this like memetic evolution where people compare notes and share what they've learned.
And with breaking stories, which to me is agonizing and no one wants to do it, I don't want to spend eight hours a day knowing only one thing, which is that I don't know what to do next.
It's like, what the fuck you, man?
I'm entitled to more than that.
I want a Sunday and a hand job right now.
Okay, like when is story, like my career is like propelled by this like will to laziness.
And then I never, I'm like, there's got to be an easy way to do this.
Joseph Campbell must know, okay, Jesus Christ, this guy talks a lot.
Oh, fuck.
God damn it.
Okay.
Maybe if I break it down, it's like I never, like I can never figure it out.
I can never work smarter, not harder.
That's why I'm so frustrated also by the technology involving interactive whiteboards, which I know we have, but we don't have because there's no demand for it.
We're in the golden age of television.
144 pieces of wood.
Is what it takes to make a porch.
No, to run a writer's room.
To make a, what do you think?
What were we talking?
Yeah.
All right.
We should be able to know like how it's like I like if I if I could go back in time through a Russian tunnel.
What?
And and simply just be able to access from 2009 onward all of the work on every single community episode Rick and Morty episode like just be able to look at just the strokes on the whiteboard in order and all that stuff to be able to like pour
over that with the same amount of facility that we can pour over our baby's photos are our weddings and stuff like that.
Like we have the digital technology, but we don't we somehow regard this idea that writers work in writer's rooms.
We regarded as if it's some kind of like there's like this blind spot there where we're like, well, that's none of your business.
How we get our shit done.
But it's like, wait a minute, man, we're all working towards like a common goal here.
If you figured it out how you can do it in two minutes, then we could start accelerating our our television culture, right?
Like true, but all artists do that.
All artists hide their process, which is interesting that you let us in.
That's why I was always trying to push because yeah if you you use joists, but the truth of the matter is with carbon tree, the joinery is hidden.
So like some dudes are not using metal at all.
Some dudes are using just pegs.
Some dudes are just using a dowel.
There's always this thing of like if you look at this stage right now, you don't see a nail because carpenters don't show you how they make stuff.
That's the game.
That's what the Masons are built on is the entire crime.
Well, the Masons that was their first impulse was like, wait, oh, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Yeah, we know how to make a doorway not fall on your head when you over the door.
Well, fucking how about we keep this from people until the next election?
Yeah, you're right.
That's there's first instinct.
To be honest, even when you're painting, you're trying to use paints that nobody else can get their hands on.
I don't like that impulse.
I don't like it.
And I don't think it's because I'm a noble person.
I think it's because I'm so fucking much more narcissistic than other creatives.
I actually like in my head and I think this is changing now.
I'm 46, but I think I'm like, I think in my 25 year old like Max Landesey brain.
I think that.
Not this weekend.
I think that like my goal has always been like, let's just eliminate all this fucking shit that has nothing to do with talent.
And then just have a fucking dick measuring contest.
It's just like, who came out of the womb more special?
What's with all this?
Michigan's getting in the way.
You know, like, like how hard it is to figure this and that out.
But like, I don't think that way anymore because it's like, it's like, it's like digging through a cotton candy mountain, like looking for a, you know what?
Bad writer.
Like, where was that going to go?
What I could use is a good room full of talented collaborators that I wish I knew how to use.
Not here.
Did you go through a process?
Weissall or speed demon is where we've come to call you.
Like my big lesson on community was that I threw this like idea of, well, I don't want to be an asshole.
So I'm not going to make them do anything which is abusing them.
Like, did you, I don't know how big your writing staff is.
We had a pretty small writer's room we had.
I think like five writers and all.
So did you ever do this thing where you're like, hold up and going like, I'll just write the script.
You guys eat some M&Ms.
It would, it was usually, I mean, like even on Rick and Morty, I think I felt like the first couple of hours is just kind of like dicking around, you know?
And then you just eventually, actually, like I used to, I was listening to Harmontown and then when I got to Rick and Morty, it was just kind of like dicking.
It was kind of like, you know.
What happens on the show?
I think there's a little bit of warm up that occurs.
Yeah, yeah.
So you're just kind of having fun as a group.
And sometimes you'll find something that sparks pleasure and you try to find what that pleasure is and how to get to it.
And how, like, I think in season two was a get schwifty song.
We all thought it was funny.
Like, how do we write a story for that?
Because that brings us a lot of pleasure.
Yeah.
Never nailed it.
There's no formula.
Don't know how to do it.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you think that's why artists and carpenters try to hide what they do?
Because if we knew, if we saw, like to me, like I always tell my parents or people who aren't in the business, if you saw what I did, if you looked at what I would do, you would go, you're doing nothing.
You're just fucking around all day.
But it's not true.
I mean, like, when you're not writing, you're thinking about writing or you're outlining or you're writing or whatever, or you're doing a lot of, you're basically doing it wrong until you do it right and you do it wrong.
I mean, the funny thing is, yeah, I know that, I know that, like, I have my older brother's voice in my head when we're taking two hours to get started because we have so much to talk about.
And it's like, wait, when are you guys going to ever do anything for a living except sitting there fucking jerking each other off?
And then, but then I also, the same voice in my head as soon as we get started for the next four hours is like 20 minutes into it.
I know every ghost in my head that I feel all of them snap.
And they go like, this is ridiculous. Why are you thinking about this for so long? Just have fun. It's just a good show.
He has a booger ray. Every lesson you've ever learned is about having fun. Why aren't you ruining it? Stop ruining it.
You're ruining it. Stop. You're overthinking it.
And then you go like, I'm not going to overthink it anymore.
I'm going to go, what if you just had a booger ray? And then you're just like, okay, he's got a booger ray. Like, oh, write the scene.
He's got a booger ray and he's got a booger ray and he just read it and everyone goes.
And maybe sometimes you even just go all the way through therapy and you go like fucking just keep it moving.
He's got a booger ray. Draw it. Draw it. Draw the booger ray.
And then they like draw it and the musician goes like, booger ray theme. Here comes the booger ray.
And then the editor like pieces it together and everyone's got bloodshot eyes in there.
I was like, here it is. And they press play and it's like, hey, Rick, Morty, whoever you are, I got a booger ray.
I'm going to pull it out. Here's the booger ray. Zap, zap, zap.
Oh geez, Rick, you really shot good with that booger ray. Yeah, I did Morty. Didn't I?
I really did. I really shot good with that booger ray.
But I always do it 100%. 100% with that booger ray. 100% booger ray. 100years.com booger ray.
Oh, that's great. Yeah, that's great, Morty. That's great. That's great.
Three minutes later and then they press pause and now you got two EPs at the top going like,
seems to lack a little something. Yeah, but they don't want to call it the part where we agonize in the writer's room
because that makes everyone mad too. Let's figure out how to fix it. I haven't figured it out.
Well, I think because I'm working on a 11 minute show, we can do the book booger ray episode.
And it's not the 22 minute where... Man, he's stealing your idea.
Yeah, season two, episode one is the booger ray episode. We stole it and it's coming out.
Well, let's punish Justin because we got Goldenfold's voice here. I'll do Rick and Morty.
You can be the voice of Celestra, the ice queen. And Waysaw, you do Rubik, the amazing cube.
And we'll improvise an episode of Rick and Morty. Okay.
Okay, here we go. Oh shit, we lost our Goldenfold. Hold on. Let's get him lubricated.
Just like at work.
Yeah, is there as much drinking going on in the writer's room?
Not at Hot Streets.
I don't drink at work.
Before two.
Sorry, before we start, was Rubik kind of like the...
He was an amazing cube.
Did he sound like Howie Mandel from Grimlins?
He kind of did, yeah, but you don't have to do that.
He's more of an Emmanuel Lewis kind of a character.
Oh, a connoisseur.
I mean, I was just riffing something.
Okay, fade in, interior Rick's garage day.
Gotta put this transistor inside this compactor.
Hey, Rick, do you think you could give me a new prom suit for the prom tonight?
Morty would rather eat glass than ever indulge in your adolescent fucking rituals.
You piece of shit, everything you believe is a lie.
Okay, well, as mom said...
Your mom says a lot of things, Morty.
She said, yes, when your father said, would you like this in you?
I think that says enough about her.
If I ever dabbled in time travel, believe me, a lot of problems would be solved.
We wouldn't be having this conversation.
Rick, are you extra drunk?
Yes.
All I wanted was an extra prom suit.
All right, Morty, look, fine, here.
This serum, if you pour it on yourself, it'll turn your clothes into whatever your mind thinks is important.
That's the B story.
It's low stakes, hopefully it'll generate a lot of bits with, I'm saying, summer.
She's on the payroll, got to use her. Go talk to your sister about clothes while I deal with what I'm working on on this bench.
Goldenfold enters the open garage.
Let's go.
I smell poop.
Goldenfold, can you use your finger for a second?
I need an extra hand.
I was just extra mean to Morty and I needed some assistance.
Yeah, sure, but you're not going to pull my finger, are you?
No, no, no, no.
I have a flatulence problem.
I'm way more sophisticated than that. Just put your finger here and hold down that button and no matter what you do,
don't wish that wishing was impossible.
I was just wishing that wishing wasn't impossible.
What have you done? You created a new story.
Welcome to my domain.
What the fuck? Shit, my portal gun. I left it on the toilet again.
There's no need for portals.
Or guns here, my domain. Please have a seat.
Shit.
Two chairs out of nowhere. How did I do that?
Please tell me that you want to probe me.
I want to probe you. Is that how you say hello?
Meanwhile at the Smith House in the B story.
Hey, Summer, Rick told me to occupy you in a scene that has to do with me pouring a serum on my clothes.
Hi, I'm Rubix.
When you poured that serum on you, it created me.
And I am here to stay. And Rick and Morty.
Oh, geez. Rick must have given me a serum. He must have mixed them up.
And now I got a Rubik.
If you put me to shape correctly, Al, grant you a wish.
Well, that's no problem at all. I can do that for sure.
I watch PewDiePie do this all the time, I think.
My generation. I watch videos about people reacting to videos about Rubik's cubes.
So here we go. I did it. I made you the same color on all sides.
I grant you one wish.
Whoa.
Jessica.
Back to Narnia Planet.
That's when I found out I was adopted.
Thank you for sharing that. That was a wonderful story.
That was really great. Here, have some more ice muffins.
Oh, delicious.
Hey, Ice Queen, how come my body is turning into ice?
That's because you're sweating too much.
Are you hiding something? Is he hiding something?
I think you're hiding something. Why don't you have a seat before you completely freeze
and kind of just let something off of your chest, just like your friend did here.
Just let something off of your chest. Let it off.
We really got to get out of here.
There's something about this Narnia mushroom that's making it easy to release my thoughts.
Oh, my father.
You just said something about your father. Let's probe that.
My father took me on a fishing trip.
He threw me out of a boat.
I didn't know how to swim.
I was sucked down into the muck.
I had a regular eyebrow.
And regular hair.
And then a caterpillar climbed onto my forehead at the bottom of the lake.
Gave me my trademark unibrow.
And then my hair became spiky as I moved up through the water,
which was next to an alcohol plant.
And so I became an alcoholic. That's why I drink.
And my clothes, the color was bleached out of them by the alcohol and the water.
So I came out of the lake looking like all of the qualities that my character has.
That's fascinating. We'll be right back.
Ben gay foot cream makes your foot less...herty.
Hey, my name's Ben. Let me cream on your foot.
Oh, fuck.
Reach for the solution that counts. Reach for Ben gay.
Oh, that pony.
This Sunday at the Toronto Truck Show, all trucks all the time in Toronto.
There's the Daisy Plus 40-foot yacht.
Come meet David Hasselhoff and the cast of...
You at the park.
Do you have doing my own taxes, Idis?
My name is Tax Johnson. I'll do all your taxes.
Call me. I'm Spanish. A brigado.
We now return to Rick and Morty.
Oh, shit. Fuck.
Oh, Ice Queen. This is so good.
Goddamn.
Fuckin' me in the butt with that icicle strap on.
Meanwhile, in the B story...
Oh, geez. Summer. Oh, God.
All right. All right. Let's put a little wrap that up there.
We're just trying to punish Justin for not coming.
He thinks having too much edible is bad.
Yeah.
Is this Canon?
Yeah. I have at least 50% right to say.
That's it. Now we know how Rick got his eyebrows.
Actually, there's one thing I wanted to talk to you about.
Oh, shit. Real behind the secret.
Here we go.
Do you think, like, because I've been getting into, like, anime lately?
And, like...
I know. I know.
And then, and giggled, and giggled at the same time.
Anime.
But, like, what do you think about, like,
giving too much information about a character?
Like, because, like, I've been...
I've been re...
Tired?
I've been tired.
But what do you think about this?
I think it's a terrible idea. I'm not being glib.
Because I think that our friends don't have origin stories.
We learn things about them that make sense when we look at them as a whole.
But we don't learn the...
As much as we enjoyed the River Phoenix opening to Indiana Jones, the third movie,
it also simultaneously, we were watching Indiana Jones die.
Like, we were getting too much information.
That's how I feel about that stuff.
When I was watching season three, episode one,
what I was feeling is that,
because there had been so much talk about
what had happened to Beth's mom,
that it had become a bigger mystery than it may be,
because it ended on a cliffhanger,
to me, like, when episode three, or season three came out, episode one,
and you're like, it's all about Szechuan sauce, which I thought was hilarious.
But, like, was that to diffuse that whole, like...
Because, like, people are wanting...
Yeah, you have to undercut any efforts made in that area.
I think you provide both. You give people the option.
I think there's, like, 35 different categories of TV viewer.
There are people who relentlessly catalog,
there are people who hate what they love,
there are people who ship, there are people who hate shippers,
there are...
But all of them represent, like, some small part of what you experience
when you watch a TV show, and I think that the responsible thing
in terms of craft, person, ship, you're welcome, ladies,
of mid-word, mid-word, inclusive, 90-degree fucking move,
didn't even, and didn't stop the show and point it out either.
Okay, okay, don't break your arm.
Happy February.
Don't break your arm, Pat, yourself on the back.
Fucking woke.
Woke, AF, hashtag!
Um...
Oh, my God.
I love that your hashtag is backwards.
I put the hashtag on the end.
Motherfuckers gonna die, hashtag!
Wait.
Wait a minute.
Um, what the fuck was I babbling about?
I don't know.
Oh, God.
We're in the black house base.
We're giving too much backstory to a character
why you should not.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's not about willful denial of it either.
I don't...
It's just, it's about respecting everyone's right.
Right is a strong word because I hate everyone
and they don't have rights to material, but...
Well, you've said this before.
And maybe I've read this other place,
another book I've read about writing.
It's like start the story as far into the story as you can.
And let it be Doctor Who, which Doctor Who evolved naturally,
but they accidentally found what I think is the way
to survive post-Golden Age TV with a franchise,
a modular franchise.
Now, look, Serial TV is great.
I love Russian doll.
I love it all.
I love the Groundhog Days of Genre now.
It's fine.
Like, I will...
I'm not gonna end up being...
I'm too old.
It's too late for me.
Like, modularity is like that feeling of,
like, that's my family.
I can come home to them anytime I want.
They're always there.
Aunt Jackie's always a fucking drunk.
Maybe there could be an episode where she's not a drunk.
If that fucks up your show,
it's because you didn't design Aunt Jackie's character right.
Like, because nobody's character is that they're drunk,
he said.
Ha ha!
Whatever.
But, like, I mean, yeah, I mean,
you triggered a thing that could make me talk for three hours.
Oh, I actually want to talk.
What do you think, because I think,
like, one of the greatest black holes of drama right now
is the mystery box theory of storytelling,
where you keep teasing the audience,
and then you, at the end, it's just a bigger mystery.
It's kind of like...
Lost.
It's lost.
Yeah, but we'll see where that goes.
I think that's like painting yourself in a corner.
There's a tweaked version of mystery box,
which is mystery buffet,
where you keep opening it up more and more.
You keep giving people more and more options.
You don't, you never deny anything.
The first rule is that if it's canon, it's canon.
You can't, you don't move back on it.
You never say, well, you perceived that wrong.
We didn't, you know, you just keep adding more things.
You're hosting a party.
You go, like, hey, who wants to get high?
They just invented ketamine, so I have it now.
You always stay on top of everything,
and just, like, there's a room in every house
for every type of person.
There's a room in your party for people who hate parties.
That's when you're, like, that's if you're a good host.
There's just plants and a dog in here, man.
Just relax.
I hate everyone else, too.
That's cool.
Like, and, yeah, I said, like, they said,
that's, no, no, like, this is going to pay off one day.
Like, I would hate to make that promise.
You know, oh, hang on, everybody.
Ooh, there's the one our man again.
It's going to hang on.
That's why you should enjoy the show.
You don't, you don't want to cross that threshold of,
like, this is why it seems like it's a little disingenuous.
It's its own trick, which is to trick people.
I think when people sit down and they want to hear a story,
they want to hear a story, and they want you to go from A to B.
If you go boo-hoo butt.
I feel like that's, like, the equivalent of throwing sand in a fight.
Yeah.
Like, I feel like when, when, when broadcast television
started competing with cable television,
that's when serialization and cliffhangers started happening.
That's when event television started happening,
and there's good, good stories that emerge from it,
and there, but overall, it's like,
Like what?
How can I compete with American Idol if I'm just Knight Rider?
Well, the answer is Knight Rider has to go,
I just committed incest with, to be continued.
It's like, like, you have to tune in.
You have to, you have to.
We're not even going to finish making television until you tune in,
which I think is, like, not...
But I think, I think, like, like Breaking Bad did it, like, really well.
Like, that's, like, that, to me, was, like, binge TV before Netflix made it.
Yeah.
I hated the ending.
Well, you...
Well, I mean...
I would, I would say, like, shows...
Yeah, I guess...
I like shows that in the finale of that season,
they kind of tie up the mysteries.
Like, the wire, like, when you get to the end,
it's like, that's the season.
Right.
Like, you, you feel nourished.
Like, that's the story, and it goes down and feels good.
I like that, like, both Law and Order and X-Files
where they intersect is that both shows
delineated between mythology energy and modular energy.
So Law and Order was the extreme of it,
because it's like, they don't want to lose a single viewer
to the idea that you have to know who these people are.
So they just let you get addicted to Jerry Oribach.
Like, of course you should.
He's a...
What is a character?
He's a raincoat.
He's an eyebrow.
He...
Give the actor some credit, you know?
Yeah.
Like, that's what they're gonna fall in love with.
So just let him, like, rate your stories.
You're a writer.
Like, give these people something to do
so that if you watch one episode,
it's like smoking a crack rock,
which is, yes, connected to all other crack rocks,
but not necessary to smoke that crack rock
before that crack rock.
That's the difference.
It's like, crack is the goal.
So...
And I love, like, I always want, like,
I watch Law and Order and Syndication on TBS,
and I was like...
I was like, I got so fucking hooked after, like, five of them,
and I'm just like, God damn, I love Jerry Oribach.
God damn, I love this and that.
And, like, never anything, no plot, nothing,
except for the one self-contained plot
of the homicide that happened and the solving of it.
And then at the end of the season,
the lieutenant, like, Jerry Oribach's, like,
well, I guess that crowbar murderer found out
not to pry, and I made it up.
What, you made that up?
And it's like...
And then the lieutenant, like, stops him
as he's about to leave the doorway,
and he goes, like, hey, and he turns around,
and she goes, how's the drinking going?
And he goes, yeah, one day at a time.
And then he walks out, Dick Wolf.
That was an entire season.
That was all you learned about Jerry Oribach,
unless you, like, but then it, like, makes you go,
you gobble it up, sorry, I'm babbling, whatever.
No, no, no, it's a good point.
But X-Files did this, a similar thing
with the Smoking Man stuff, where it was, like,
if they had been able to hold that line,
which I'm not, like, just that idea of, like,
you know, every time, it's like, all we wanted was,
give me more about Smoking Man and what happened
to Fox's sister and all this stuff,
and it was like, how could they ever resist,
like, giving us more and more of that,
but every time they gave you more of that,
you're, like, you're losing something.
It's, like, ballast or something,
and it's, like, you want to, like, keep that shit up there.
Is that how you play event-centered
versus character-driven against each other
in the course of a season?
I think I could just say yes to that question,
but I don't, I'm not sure I understand that.
Well, it's like Twin Peaks, the minute,
the minute they said, okay, this is what happened
with Laura Palmer, the show was over with,
but they went on another season.
Like, you want to keep, you want to keep,
the stuff that's, it's not the destination,
it's the journey, you know, with any of these shows.
I mean, Nick, I can't keep for the life of me.
You want to entertain that fantasy
that you can do something else,
but that's why I was obsessive.
That was my big rift with Sony.
For the three years it took to fire me on Community,
was that I was like, yes, this is a great show.
Yes, my goal is to make it fucking amazing
in a way that would make you want to watch
a thousand episodes of it.
But in order to do that, we have to acknowledge
that we made a deal with a certain chronological devil.
We said that Annie Edison is a child
and that she's growing up.
We said that Jeff Winger is paying
a four years price for who he was.
We're telling a story here.
Like, we have to get out in front of this thing
so far, so fast that no one notices
that we stopped having to go to Community College
because at some point we're going to have to.
And like, Sony would get so mad.
They'd be like, what are you talking about?
Watch fucking Welcome Back Cotter
and shut the fuck up.
Watch MASH, you dumb asshole.
The show was 11 years longer than the war
and everyone's rich.
Why are you burning our money?
Stop making television for Reddit.
And I was like, it's not going to work, man.
We're not going to be able to say it's Halloween
for the 90th time in a row.
And Allison Breeze was like, oh,
it was a forbidden fruit again.
It's a four year story, but yeah.
Anyway, I'm sorry, let's get out of here.
You triggered fucking your Vietnam vet dad.
I pretended to be dead.
They wanted a tripod on me.
All this because somebody dropped a plate.
Calm down, dad.
Weissal.
Hot streets.
Every mystery that is introduced
will get revealed by the end of the season.
You will not be tricked.
The history of television, someone will know that
NBC peaked at this point where it was like,
they had literally had a show called The Event.
It was like right before 80% of you were like
even invested in anything because it was like
you were born on Netflix and so you're kind of like,
but there was this point where it was like
the squeezing of the sponge before everyone was like,
fuck it, who's on Shark Tank?
They were like greenlighting these crazy series
because it was like the idea of event television.
And NBC, God bless their sincere, dopey heart.
It was just like, well, then literally,
let's just make a show called The Event.
And there's like, if you go to the commercial
because they had this like whole teaser campaign with it,
the teaser campaign was them explaining to you
what the show wasn't because it was about payoffs
and they would go, the president getting assassinated
is not the event.
And then it shows a guy going,
why am I leaving the White House?
I'll tell you on the way.
The concert exploding is not the event.
You were supposed to tune into the show
to find out what the event was.
Television reduced to breakfast cereal.
What was the event?
The event was its fucking cancellation after six episodes.
The event was a lot of guys that work a lot less
harder than I do, getting a lot more money.
I don't want to be bitter.
They smacked this kid at a backyard barbecue.
The slap!
Yeah, and it's told.
The slap is the event.
It's told from everybody's point of view.
You will find out whether or not Betty is ugly.
Yeah.
What am I doing?
Like, my job is to know what to say next.
Everyone knows I don't.
February 24th at midnight.
Hot street season two.
Who are you having on this season?
Any major super celebrities?
This is Hollywood.
We've got Ernie Hudson during the cast.
I like the black one.
You know, when you watch season one, it's always sunny.
I remember watching a thing.
This show is really funny.
And then Danny DeVito jends the cast.
And they're like, holy shit, the show,
it's weird to watch the first season.
That's how I feel with Ernie Hudson.
Why, so I heard this story.
Maybe you can confirm this and share an animation buff
and your friends with Ernest Hudson.
I heard during that when they did the real Ghostbusters
animated series that Ernie Hudson auditioned for Winston
but lost it to Arsenial Hall.
Is this true?
That is true, but I mean, I'm speaking for him,
but I've read interviews with him where he auditioned for the part.
But when we cast him, his voice is so powerful
that I think what happened was like,
you had all these voice actors that were really
founding and talented.
But Winston would be the lead character
because his voice is so fucking powerful
that you can't ignore it.
So I feel like in the movies, Winston was kind of...
Something weird happened.
Yeah, it's kind of weird.
Like, he's not really in the movie.
It was like he was over-empowered maybe by virtue
of a latent racism.
I'm not trying to high-road anybody.
It was the 80s.
But I remember being a 10-year-old kid,
a 12-year-old kid watching Ghostbusters.
He had a flannel shirt on.
He smoked cigarettes.
And his first line is like,
look, as long as there's a steady paycheck involved,
I'll believe anything you say.
And he was very...
Did that skirt the line?
Did we get shut down?
The month of February has shut you down.
But he had that kind of like,
albeit maybe equally problematic,
but from a completely different direction,
where he was the empowered...
He was powerful.
And then Ghostbusters 2,
in addition to all the other weird things about it.
Also, because I just...
He just did an interview recently
where he was talking about Ghostbusters 2.
I didn't realize this.
But in Ghostbusters 2,
they do this thing where they catch up
with all the characters,
but they don't catch up with Winston.
He just comes back in the middle of the movie.
Everybody has their own business.
And then Winston just comes back.
That's documentary-worthy.
Anybody watch that Lorena Bobbitt documentary?
No, I do remember it, though.
Stick with it.
I started to get a stick of it.
That's the name of the documentary?
Stick with it.
Stick it back on.
I swear, like, like, if you're,
you get to a point where you're, like,
this is the 90th time they've explained to us
that these people have backstories
that I don't care.
But toward the end of that thing,
it gets so deep and intense.
It's really weird.
For me, especially...
Your dick was cut off.
I just want to remember
working in a blue-collar city
and doing improv,
like, we're familiar with the Bobbits
is a word that everyone would shout out as a suggestion
for comedy shows that we wished that they would,
not because we were feminists, because we're snobs,
we're like, shut the fuck up,
we're not doing another goddamn sketch
where I mime a dick getting cut off.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
So that's all I ever knew about the bobbitt thing.
And it's very interesting, like there's a documentary series
like they unpack it for like 10 hours of, it's worth it.
But by the end of it, I'm telling you,
you'll have like synapses that are like reformed.
What is the takeaway?
What's the craziest thing that you learned
that you didn't know back then?
How, our facility to ignore abuse, I mean,
I really don't, it both, like as a culture,
like the way that we can like focus on the things
that are like, fuck it,
now the women are shutting us down.
The patriarchy I think is now,
it's just like, oh, she cut his dick off,
so that's interesting.
You got our attention, you cut a dick off,
so you have our attention.
Excuse me, what, she cut her dick off, okay, uh, uh, hand.
And then it's like, and then it's like this sort of,
like this like, you really come away with a complete feeling
of like, look.
There's a lot more to it than just the dick getting cut off.
The unfortunate people who was long since before that
were like, does anyone want to talk about equal rights
and the spousal abuse problem and all this things?
And then this weird portal happens where it's like,
a woman cut a guy's dick off,
everyone wants to talk about penises and abuse
and battery and rape.
And then these well-minded people who are like, okay, great.
So now let's talk about this and like the kind of tragedy
of like, well, no, I mean, we want to talk about dicks
and cutting off and like, we want to,
we like tablet celebrities, we don't,
but it's not a downer.
I think it's a-
It is the beginning though, right?
Of sort of like that celebrity.
Well, it's time, it starts, it starts a conversation,
you know, it's like, before that,
you literally couldn't say the word penis in media.
You couldn't say the word penis in New York times,
like things like that.
Like, so it starts a thing, it's worth watching.
Anyways, I don't know how to end the show,
so I thought I'd like recommend a Netflix thing.
Waisal, what do you recommend?
Better be fucking not self-indulgent,
better be high-minded.
I'm going to recommend JoJo's Bizarre Adventure,
the anime that I'm currently infatuated with.
It's really funny and cool and it's crazy.
I remember you recommended to me,
what was that Titan fucking like,
giants are fighting Titans?
Yeah, I recommended the first season of Attack on Titan,
but Dan watched it without the subtitles.
You know what I mean?
It's not the same show.
But the second season, you know,
they kind of blew it a little bit.
I just want, first season's amazing, first season's great.
Your pitch was too good.
You were like, there's for some unknown reason,
there's naked giants attacking the world.
I was like, I wanted that show.
Yeah, you don't know how to trust a dude
who is looking for like unicorn fart videos.
All right, well, it's about that time.
It's time for everybody to start dreading Tuesday.
And so we end with our traditional song.
["Joy of the House"]
Yay, it's been a good show.
You got your voice thing next to you.
The what?
The voice problem.
Yay, it's been a pretty good show.
Where are you going?
You get what you pay for.
Don't know how we, don't know how we want.
Don't even want the tickets crossed.
Hot street, just you and me too.
Don't know how much money you lose, but God knows
it wasn't as much as you'd pay for a bottle alone.
Come on.
Which will just make you feel more alone.
Sure, you smell great, but for who?
And so,
what a great show.
I'll be back next week.
With more well thought out thoughts
and pre-written things to talk about.
Show them how we doing, how we doing.
That's...
More than just a suggestion.
Literally told you what to do.
MC generic.
I mean he did have a point.
You said I'm coming back with a bunch of shit.
He's like show them how we doing.
Show them how we doing.
Show me all the blueprints.
Show me how we doing.
Yo, I'm upset with how we doing.
And I want to know I gotta control everything. It's how I live and grow. I'm a control freak upset and compulsive
I fucked your mama so hard my dick was repulsive. Oh, it came out to form John Wayne mom
It that's what we were talking about before yeah stitching back on then I got a career important
Then the abuse is back on I turned into a woman
I'm in a small theater just rhyme any word. It's okay. Let's end the show
If you take me to a history store
Harmontown
The lovely church Sarah Hill
No, no, I'm Fabricus who am I forgetting? That's it
Did you get any of that
It's a good show